What is your desired compensation range? (Range meaning the least you're comfortable with to the most you think you're worth.)
	This is a difficult question as I've been in a unique position the last few years with my current company. I'm straddling an architect/management position and therefore am probably being paid over-market for Colorado admin positions. I'm looking for a place to work that I enjoy going to again and for the right one I will make things work.

When can you start?
	Flexible. 

Do you have any planned vacations/absences in the next six months that we should know about?
	I have a new addition to the family coming in April and was planning to take off a week or two to help out at home.

SparkFun is a dog-friendly environment. Are comfortable working aroung dogs? If you are a dog-owner, would you see yourself bringing a dog to work?
	Absolutely - dogs are great! We are pet-less at the moment, but have plans in the next few years.

The active sysadmin keeps up on happenings in the world of development and technology. Where do you you get your news?
	I have a rotating RSS reader list, but typically the long term sites are:
		theregister.co.uk (How can you not like the BOFH + British tech news?)
		slashdot.org (Not as good as it used to be, but I do have a low UID!)
		engadget.com (Keep up with gadgetry in the world)
		arstechnica (Solid technology articles)

	I follow a number of blogs and my Google+ account is filled with tech groups and people.

	I also listen to a few tech related podcasts when I get the chance.
		Jupiter Broadcasting
		Seminars about Long-term Thinking

	I have an O'Reilly Safari bookshelf membership that I use to keep current on publications.
		
The sane sysadmin does things other than managing systems. What else occupies your time?
	As a Colorado native I like to enjoy the outdoors. I like to hike, mountain bike, and take Jeep trips. I am taking classes in cooking and welding (separately of course).

The worldly sysadmin is in touch with some form of culture (books, music, film, etc.). How do you go about feeding this part of your brain?
	I love to read when I get free time. Primarily sci-fi (yes stereotypical IT person), but I also enjoy more traditional fiction and non-fiction such as Cosmology/Physics, mysteries, and historical categories.